About EbixCash-
EbixCash, has today emerged as India’s largest end-to-end financial exchange, that includes a last mile network of over 650,000 physical distribution outlets besides an omni-channel online digital platform. EbixCash converges front-end distribution channels with back-end technology functions, across the payments solutions, travel, insurance and financial technology industries. The EbixCash Exchange employs more than 10,431 employees across different sectors with 196 offices across the Asia Pacific region. The leadership team of the Company is ingrained in the ethos of Customer First, a genuine need to excel, a bias for action and delivering results. With a clear leadership position in the areas of international remittance and foreign exchange, as well as leadership positions in other areas such as digital payments solutions, domestic money remittance, prepaid cards, travel, insurance and corporate & incentive solutions, EbixCash, is pioneering convergence end-to-end play. EbixCash is today leveraging its focus on On-Demand technology as the means to maintain and grow its leadership position. EbixCash portfolio of products can be accessed digitally anywhere as well as across its distribution outlets spread over 4,000 cities and 75,000 villages. EbixCash business encompasses four primary business segments - (1) Payments Solutions (2) Travel (3) Financial Technologies (4) BPO and Startups.

Payment solutions-
EbixCash co-branded Prepaid Card (enabled by Visa and MasterCard and Rupay) in association with other banking partners delivers a simple and efficient payment solution for customers. EbixCash offers cards from a variety of Banks like NSDL Payments Bank Limited and YES Bank. EbixCash’s Forex operations are in 18 international airports and 12 seaports, as well as within 8,728 corporate clients, hotels, duty free shoppers stores, temples and educational institutes, conducting over USD 4.5 Billion in annual GMV (pre-COVID-19). EbixCash’s Inward remittance business in India conducted in excess of USD 7.02 Billion in gross annual remittance business (pre-COVID-19), while accounting for approximately 70% of India’s cash to cash business. EbixCash inward remittance business involves engagement with all top international players such as Western Union, MoneyGram and Ria.
Travel-
EbixCash today has emerged as one of Southeast Asia’s leading travel exchanges, with over 801 employees, 523,722 agent network, 19 branches and 17,907 corporate clients; processing an estimated ₹175,000 million in GMV (pre-COVID-19).
B2B Travel – With a Physical and digital online network of 523,722 agent outlets across nine countries, EbixCash travel agents sell travel products such as flights (domestic and international), rail and bus tickets, hotel tickets and holiday packages by using our proprietary VIA.com online platform. EbixCash Agent expanse includes but is not limited to India, Philippines, Indonesia, Singapore, UAE and Oman.
Corporate Travel – Thousands of corporate entities across nine countries currently use our proprietary corporate travel booking platform, VIA.com to avail our services such as airlines, bus, train, cabs, hotels, events travel, holiday travel and other allied services.
B2C Travel – EbixCash Travels provides services to the end consumer through a variety of web/mobile app based offerings, wherein the end consumers can purchase its services and products through a variety of online platforms including EbixCash.com, VIA.com, sastiticket.com etc. in India, Indonesia, Singapore, UAE, Thailand, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Hong Kong and Malaysia.
Luxury and MICE Travel – EbixCash Travels acts as an end-to-end event and travel provider for its clients, while managing large events, conferences and exhibitions for corporates/sports bodies/organisations. EbixCash is involved in all aspects of the event, be it booking for airlines, bus, trains, cabs, hotels, events travel bookings, conference planning, event management, stage services in the areas of holiday travel, sports travel, meetings, conferences, luxury holidays and safaris, rail journeys and swiss voyages.
EbixCash Financial Technologies-
EbixCash Financial Technologies Division offers on-demand technology to various providers in the areas of travel, lending, wealth and asset management, insurance, bus exchanges and Business Processing Outsourcing (“BPO”).
Wealth, asset and lending management technology – EbixCash’s comprehensive suite of services includes Moneyware, InvestmentPro-a Cloud based investment management solution platform and multiple technology services. An example - EbixCash product is MoneyWare - an integrated wealth management platform designed to allow wealth managers to run their complete business life cycle from front office to back office, without having to use multiple systems. It is flexible and customizable helping clients address client management, financial advisory, portfolio management, compliance and client reporting and accounting.

With clients across 60 countries including countries such as India, Mauritius, Qatar, Middle-East, Philippines, EbixCash Technology division has emerged as a leading backend player. EbixCash today has prestigious clients such as SBI, Axis Securities, BDO, Standard Chartered, ICICI Bank, Northern Trust, Emirates Banks and Societe Generale amongst its clientele of top 30 financial institutions.
Bus exchange technology – EbixCash today has emerged as a dominant financial technology company powering Information Technology Management Systems(ITMS) in bus ticketing across India, while supplying smart back-end technology solutions in more than 150,000 buses across 18 Indian States. EbixCash’s bus exchange division is today India’s leader in the area of bus exchanges, handling approximately $1.7 Billion of annual transactions (Pre-COVID 19), across 30% of India’s bus ticketing system network with more than 10 large state-owned public transport corporations as clients. EbixCash today supplies technology required for smart card and ticketing system, including physical tickets and hardware located on buses, and back-end software infrastructure required at depots and corporate offices. The division also is a leader in the financial services hosting arena, while managing hosting functions for 25% of the public sector banks in India.
Travel Technology – EbixCash travel technology group provides back-end corporate travel technology to many travel backend providers in India and abroad. This is a pure technology offering, with no cross over to EbixCash’s travel exchange businesses.
BPO services-
EbixCash Global Services Pvt. Ltd. – The EbixCash Global Services Division offers BPO services like customer retention and customer experience services across India, including inbound/outbound contact call centers; email, chat and social media contact centers; feet on street and last mile delivery services; hiring, onboarding, payroll and human resources help desk services; IT and digital transformation services (e.g., knowledge management, application development and infrastructure management). EbixCash acquired a 70% interest in AssureEdge Global Services ("AssureEdge"). AssureEdge was a pan-India based BPO company, serving a number of industries and clients that had cross-selling value for EbixCash services.
This business has experienced strong tailwinds post acquisition and hence, the company had to increase the head count by approximately 2,000 as of September 2021.
Start up initiatives-
EbixCash has made investments in asset-light technology start-ups like Routier, AHA taxis and Ebix SmartClass that have positioned EbixCash as a key player in emerging sectors like classroom elearning, tele-medicine, trucking logistics and intercity corporate and consumer cab travel respectively.
EbixCash’s “Ask a doctor” provides a comprehensive source of interactive, consistent and credible healthcare information.
EbixCash’s SmartClass E-learning venture has more than 70,000 content classrooms, all mapped to national and state curriculum, available in multiple languages and is one of India’s fastest-growing E-learning companies.
EbixCash’s Trucking logistics service, Routier is involved in an asset light manner in domestic B2B trucking, packing and moving, end to end domestic and international cargo, end to end shipping cargo, integrated warehousing solutions and B2B end to end retail distribution.
EbixCash Cabs service provides intra-city and inter-city service to consumers, in more than 4000 cities while serving more than 20,000 routes. It also offers cab services to its corporate clients.
Ebix Insurance Exchange-
Ebix Insurance is a joint venture between India’s leading stock exchange Ebix Insurance and Ebix Inc. that focuses on sale of insurance through physical (thousands of agents) and digital means.

Key Pointers-
Focus is rather simple-to converge distribution markets with back-end play and power both sides. That way we have the back end players using our on-demand technology, while we also bring these players into the markets that we create – through our distribution network comprising hundreds of thousands of Physical locations (Phygital) delivering digital solutions.
EbixCash today has a larger physical network than any of India’s largest Banks, with approximately 650,000 “phygital” franchisee locations including 50,000 bank branches serving as remittance outlets.
Company growth rate over the last three years is in high double digits.
Company has clocked $100m in EBITDA in financial year 2022-23 and has consistently been quite profitable from day-one of its inception in India.
Company has a CAGR of 51% over the last 2 years (mostly organic as the Company only made two small acquisitions in the last 36 months that had pre-acquisition revenues of 120 crores annually with no profitability)

Highlights-
Highly integrated Partnership with India’s No.1 Hindi news channel (in terms of viewership, 120 million viewership) – Aaj Tak TV – providing us continuous branding and reach
Partnership with India’s No.2 business news channel (in terms of viewership) – ET Now - 2022
Partnership with India’s No.3 business news channel (in terms of viewership) – Zee Business - 2022
Partnership with India’s No.2 English news channel (in terms of viewership) – Times now - 2022
Principal sponsor to Punjab Kings, leading cricket team in Indian Premier League, IPL. Team Players of Punjab Kings wear EBIXCASH on their Jerseys in the front. IPL is the largest viewing spectacle - the IPL reach (viewership on TV) last year was 405 Million whereas for Punjab Kings it was 265.4 Million – last 4 year association and continuing.
Principal Sponsor to SunRisers Hyderabad, a leading cricket team in Indian Premier League, IPL. Team Players wear EBIXCASH on their helmets/caps on the leading side – 2023 onwards.
Principal sponsor to Delhi Capitals, leading cricket team in Indian Premier League, IPL. Team Players of Delhi Capitals wore EBIXCASH on the back of their jerseys. IPL is the largest viewing spectacle in the country – 2021 & 2022.
Prime time endorsement of the EbixCash story on Zee Business by the highly reputed and followed anchor Anil Singhvi – already relayed in a 30 minute story – 2022 & 2023
Cover stories in the first week of January 2022 in Business Today and Business World and also in Business World & Business Today in first half of 2023.
A Story on EbixCash standing out from all the unicorns in terms of market domination and profitability in Forbes, one of the three top international business magazines of India – 2022
EbixCash is committed to conducting its business in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and setting the highest standards of business ethics and ethical conduct.

Market Overview
EbixCash is India’s first Airport of Financial Transactions, converging solutions for consumers and business.

Payment Solutions
Forex
Money Transfer
Gift & Prepaid Card
IRCTC Rail Ticketing
POS Solutions
Micro ATMs
AEPS
Cash Management Solutions
Bill Payment & Recharge

Travel Solutions
Corporate Travel
Meetings, Incentives, Conferences and Exhibitions (MICE)
Charters
Luxury Trains
Cabs

Bus Exchange Solutions
Electronic Ticket Issue Machine (ETIM)
Online Reservation System (ORS)
Public Online Reservation System (PORS)
Mobile Ticketing
Agent Ticketing
Smart Cards
Current Booking

Telecom Technologies
Managed Network Services
Radio Frequency Solutions
Managed Video Conferencing

Date Centre
Data Centre & Disaster Recovery Services
Hosting Services
Data Centre Build Service
Cloud based Email Services
Cloud Services- LaaS (Compute On Demand), SaaS (Cloud Applications)

EbixCash Global Services
Customer Experience Solutions- Customer Care & Retention, Sales & Marketing, Requests and Complaints Management, Loyalty Programmes, Dealer Support, Merchant Support
Fulfilment Services- Feedback Survey, Last Mile Delivery, Feet on Street, Human Resource Outsourcing, Collections, Revenue Assurance

Ebix Smartclass
Digital Content for K-12 Schools (Product - Smartclass – all subjects, STEM – specific content along with hardware set-up and AMC)
Language Lab (Product - English Forever; digital content for Lab and books)
Computational Thinking and Robotics (Product - Computer Science and Robotics)
Online Platform – Partnership with Fliplearn (platform with all subjects) and STEPApp (Maths gamified learning)

Insurance Services-
Car Insurance
Two-wheeler Insurance
Health Insurance
Endowment
TROP
Term Plan

Financial Technologies-
Lending Solutions- Origination System (EOS) for Retail Loans, Lending Origination – Corporate, Loan Management System (LMS), Dealer Funding, Debt Collections
Telecom Solutions- CMRC (Credit Management and Revenue Collections), Commission and Incentives System (C&I), i-CAS (Credit Actions System)
Wealth & Asset Management- MoneyWare Wealth Management, MoneyWare Asset Management, MoneyWare Custody, MoneyWare Portfolio Management Solution, MoneyWare Securities, based Lending Solution, MoneyWare Trust Banking Solution, MoneyWare Islamic Wealth Solution, Investment Compliance Monitoring, Fundware AIFMD Solution, Fundware for Depositary Oversight
Travel Technologies- 
Travolution for TMCs (B2E) | B2B Consolidators | B2C Agencies- Powerful Reporting, Billing & Settlement, Audit & Security, Multi Device
Travel Technology Specializations- Consultancy, Mobile App Development, Automated Fare Loading, Airline Revenue, Extranet Inventory Solution, DMC & MICE Service


FAQs related to Payment(Wallet & Gift Card)

Ques. Under what authorisation EbixCash has been authorised on Prepaid Payment Instruments (PPIs)?
Ans. In exercise of the powers conferred under Section 18 read with Section 10(2) of the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007 (PSS Act), RBI has issued the Master Directions and subsequent to the same, EbixCash has been authorised as a non-Bank PPI Issuer.

Ques. What are EbixCash PPIs?
Ans. PPIs are instruments that facilitate purchase of goods and services, conduct of financial services, enable remittance facilities, etc., against the value stored therein.

Ques. Is EbixCash an Issuers of PPIs?
Ans. PPIs can be issued by banks and non-banks. EbixCash is a non-bank issuer. Banks can issue PPIs after obtaining approval from RBI. The non-bank PPI issuers are companies incorporated in India and registered under the Companies Act, 1956 / 2013. They can operate a payment system for issuing PPIs to individuals / organisations after receiving authorisation from RBI.

Ques. Who is a holder of PPIs?
Ans. A holder of a PPI is an individual who obtains / purchases the PPI from the PPI issuer. However, in case of a gift PPI, any other intended / targeted beneficiary, though not being the purchaser, can also be a holder.

Ques. What do PPI issuer entities do with the monies collected from PPI holders?
Ans. The monies so collected by the PPI issuers are to be used to make payments to merchants who are part of the acceptance arrangement and for facilitating funds transfer / remittance services on behalf of the PPI holders.

Ques. What are Closed System PPIs?
Ans. The closed system PPIs are issued by an entity for facilitating the purchase of goods and services from that entity only. Cash withdrawals are not permitted. These instruments cannot be used for payment or settlement for third party services. The issuance or operation of such instruments is not classified as a payment system requiring approval / authorisation by RBI and are, therefore, not regulated or supervised by RBI.

Ques. What are various types of PPIs?
Ans. The PPIs that require RBI approval / authorisation prior to issuance are classified under two types:  a.	Small PPIs (or minimum-detail PPIs): These PPIs are issued by banks and non-banks after obtaining minimum details of the PPI holder. These PPIs can be used for purchase of goods and services at a group of clearly identified merchant locations / establishments which have a specific contract with the issuer (or contract through a payment aggregator / payment gateway) to accept the PPIs as payment instruments. Funds transfer or cash withdrawal from such PPIs is not permitted. b.	Full-KYC PPIs: The PPIs are issued by banks and non-banks after completing Know Your Customer (KYC) of PPI holder. These PPIs can be used for purchase of goods and services, funds transfer or cash withdrawal.

Ques. How can PPIs be loaded and is there any limit on loading of these PPIs by Cash or electronic means?
Ans. The EbixCash PPIs can be loaded / reloaded by debit to a bank account, credit and debit cards, PPIs (as permitted from time to time) and other payment instruments issued by entities regulated in India and in Indian Rupees (INR) only.  Currently, EbixCash issues & loads minimum KYC cards only to corporates against an online modes (non-cash loadings) and loadings for minimum KYC wallets also can be done only from online modes (non-cash loadings). The limit on loading of PPIs via electronic / online means is subject to overall limit of the PPI.

Ques. What are the salient features of the small PPIs issued by EbixCash?
Ans. The Small PPIs issued by EbixCash can be used only for purchase of goods and services. The amount loaded during any month shall not exceed ₹ 10,000/-; The total amount loaded during the financial year shall not exceed ₹ 1,20,000/-; The amount outstanding at any point of time shall not exceed ₹ 10,000/-; Cash withdrawals or funds transfer is not permitted and Loading / Reloading shall be from a bank account / credit card / full-KYC PPI.

Ques. What happens to an outstanding balance if the Small PPIs issued by EbixCash are not required anymore and has to be closed?
Ans. The PPI holder has an option to close the PPI at any time and transfer the funds ‘back to source’ (payment source from where the PPI was loaded) at the time of closure. Alternatively, the closure proceeds can be transferred to a bank account after complying with KYC requirements of PPI holder.

Ques. What are the salient features of an EbixCash, “Full-KYC” PPI?
Ans. The salient features of ‘Full-KYC’ PPIs are as follows: 
                   1.Reloadable in nature;
                   2.The amount outstanding shall not exceed ₹ 2,00,000/- at any point of time;
                   3.There are no limits prescribed for total credits or debits during a month; and
                   4.They can be used for purchase of goods and services, cash withdrawal and funds transfer.

Ques. Is funds transfer allowed from an EbixCash ‘Full-KYC’ PPI?
Ans. Yes, funds transfer is allowed from a ‘Full-KYC’ PPI within a limit of ₹ 10,000/- per month per holder. Taking into account the operational risks, and others risk assessments, per transaction maximum limit is ₹ 5,000/-.

Ques.  Can an EbixCash PPI holder close the EbixCash ‘Full-KYC’ PPI? If yes, what will happen to the outstanding amount?      
Ans.  The EbixCash PPI holder has an option to close the EbixCash PPI at any time and have the funds transferred ‘back to source’ (payment source from where the EbixCash PPI was loaded) at the time of closure as per the applicable limits of this type of PPI. Alternatively, the closure proceeds can be transferred to a bank account after complying with KYC requirements of EbixCash PPI holder.  At the time of closure or the expiry of validity period of EbixCash PPIs, etc., a holder can specify a bank account which can be different from pre-designated account if given earlier at the time of opening.      

Ques.  What are the cash withdrawal limits in case of ‘Full-KYC’ PPIs issued by EbixCash?       
Ans.  Cash withdrawal is permitted upto a limit of ₹ 2,000/- per transaction within an overall monthly limit of ₹ 10,000/- per PPI across all channels (agents, ATMs, PoS devices, etc.).     

Ques.  What are salient features of a EbixCash Gift Cards?          
Ans.  EbixCash Gift Card is an alternative to cash/cheque for gifting within an organization. Salient features of an EbixCash Gift Cards are as follows:  
                   	EbixCash Gift Cards are issued only for the Corporate Clients needing to gift their employees and or Business associates under their reward & recognition programs. 
                   	Maximum value of each such prepaid gift instrument does not exceed an amount of ₹ 10,000/-;
                   	Are not reloadable; 
                   	Cash-out or fund transfer is not permitted. However, the funds may be transferred ‘back to source account’ (account from where Gift PPI was loaded) after receiving consent of the PPI holder;
                   Shall be revalidated (including through issuance of new instrument) as and when requested by the PPI holder or the corporate (whichever the case maybe); and 
                   The Additional Factor of Authentication (AFA) / Two Factor Authentication (2FA) for transactions using Gift PPIs is not mandatory.

Ques.  Does an EbixCash PPI holder earn any interest on an EbixCash PPI balances?            
Ans.  No interest is payable on PPI balances.

Ques.  In what form can an EbixCash PPIs be issued?                
Ans.  EbixCash PPIs can be issued as cards, wallets, and any such form / instrument which can be used to access the EbixCash PPI and to use the amount therein. EbixCash PPIs in the form of paper vouchers are not issued. A Full KYC customer can also opt for a GPR card after logging into the site. This card can be used like a debit / credit card within India only.

Ques.  What is the minimum validity period of an EbixCash PPI?                  
Ans.  All EbixCash PPIs shall have a minimum validity period of one year from the date of last loading / reloading in the EbixCash PPI.

Ques.  What will happen to an EbixCash PPI that is not used for a certain period?                      
Ans.  A PPI with no financial transaction for a consecutive period of one year is made / treated inactive after sending a notice to the PPI holder. It can be reactivated only after validation and applicable due diligence. It further to be noted that Inactive PPIs are subject to inactive fees of Rs. 100 + GST per year

Ques.  How shall the refunds in case of failed / returned / rejected / cancelled transactions be dealt with?     
Ans.  Refunds in case of failed / returned / rejected / cancelled transactions shall be applied to the respective EbixCash PPI to the extent that payment was made initially by debit to the EbixCash PPI, even if such application of funds results in exceeding the limits prescribed for that type / category of EbixCash PPI.

Ques.  Is there any requirement of providing account statement or transaction history of EbixCash PPI transactions?           
Ans.  Yes EbixCash PPI holders are provided with options to generate / receive account statements for at least past 6 months. The account statement at the minimum, provides details such as date of transaction, debit / credit amount, net balance and description of transaction. Additionally, the EbixCash PPI holders can avail transaction history for at least 10 transactions. It is further to be noted that a customer can download the statements as a pdf file after logging into his/her account.

Ques.  Is the Reserve Bank – Integrated Ombudsman Scheme applicable for EbixCash PPI transactions?               
Ans.   Yes, customers have recourse to the Reserve Bank - Integrated Ombudsman Scheme, 2021 for grievance redressal. This scheme is available on the RBI website at the link - <a href="https://cms.rbi.org.in" target="_blank">https://cms.rbi.org.in Besides this, the company is also complying as per the notification of Reserve Bank of India ref# CEPD.CO.PRS.CIR.NO.01/13.01.013/2019-20 dt October 22, 2019 which instuitionalise’s an internal ombudsman scheme for all non-bank system participants who are issuers of PPIs having more than one crore outstanding PPIs to appoint an Internal Ombudsman to facilitate a swift, efficient and effective complaint redressal mechanism within the Entity itself also to ensure that customer complaints are adequately addressed at the level of the non-bank system participant itself by an independent authority placed at the apex level in the entity’s grievance redressal mechanism. 

Ques. 	Can an EbixCash PPI issuer issue multiple EbixCash PPIs to a same customer?       
Ans.   An EbixCash PPI issuer can issue any one of the following two types to a customer: 
                    Small PPIs upto ₹ 10,000 (with no cash loading facility); and
                     Full-KYC PPIs.

Ques. Within the types mentioned above, in case an EbixCash PPI issuer is issuing multiple EbixCash PPIs to a same customer due to reasons like multiple co-branding partners, various forms like wallet and card etc. how will the limits be treated?        
Ans.   Within the types mentioned above, in case multiple EbixCash PPIs are issued to the same customer due to various reasons (e.g. multiple co-branding partners, issuance of PPI in different form factors like wallets / cards), then EbixCash system monitors the limits through centralised database / management information system (MIS). For example, the limit of ₹ 2,00,000/- at any point of time is calculated after combining the value in all full-KYC PPIs issued to a customer under various arrangements / form factor. Similarly, the limit of ₹ 10,000 in paragraph 9.1(i) of MD-PPIs is across all Small PPIs (issued by the PPI issuer under various arrangements / form factor). However, the limits do not include the two categories (Gift PPIs and PPI-MTS) mentioned in paragraph 10 of the MD-PPIs.

Ques. What is meant by interoperability? Are EbixCash PPIs interoperable?        
Ans.   Interoperability is the technical compatibility that enables a payment system to be used in conjunction with other payment systems. Interoperability has been allowed in EbixCash PPIs.

Ques. Is it mandatory for an EbixCash PPI to allow interoperability?                
Ans.    Yes, it is mandatory for an EbixCash PPI to be interoperable. It is mandatory to give the holders of EbixCash full-KYC PPIs with interoperability through authorised card networks and UPI.

Ques. 	What are the modes of interoperability?          
Ans.    If an EbixCash PPI is issued in the form of wallet, interoperability across an EbixCash PPIs shall be enabled through UPI. If an EbixCash PPI is issued in the form of a card, the card shall be affiliated to the authorised card network for interoperability.

Ques. What is meant by electronic payment transactions?               
Ans.  For the purpose of master directions, electronic payment transactions can be: 
                  Remote / Online payment transactions: Transactions that do not require physical PPIs to be presented at the point of transactions e.g. wallets, card not present (CNP) transaction, etc.; and
                   	Face-to-face / Proximity payment transactions: Transactions that require physical PPIs to be present at the point of transactions e.g. transactions at ATMs, PoS devices, etc.).

Ques. Does the customer get an alert of transactions in his/her EbixCash PPI account?                     
Ans.  Yes, the customer gets an SMS alert for payment transaction in his / her account. In addition, an e-mail alert may also be sent, wherever registered. The transaction alert consists of a contact number and / or e-mail id on which the customer can report unauthorised transactions or notify the objection.

Ques. Where can the customer report an unauthorised transaction in his / her EbixCash PPI account?                          
Ans.  Customers can reach out on Business hours at Business days via access to website / SMS / e-mail / dedicated toll-free helpline for reporting unauthorised transactions and / or loss or theft of an EbixCash PPI. Further, a direct link for lodging of complaints is provided on the mobile app and contact us page of the EbixCash website.

Ques. Is the customer protected against a contributory fraud / negligence / deficiency on the part of EbixCash for PPIs?                     
Ans.  The liability of a customer in cases of contributory fraud / negligence / deficiency is ZERO. 

Ques. How will the liability of the customer be fixed in cases of a 03rd party breach where the deficiency lies neither with EbixCash nor with the customer but lies elsewhere in the system, and the customer notifies EbixCash regarding the unauthorised payment transaction?            
Ans.  The ‘per transaction customer liability’ in such cases will depend on the number of days lapsed between the receipt of transaction communication by the customer from EbixCash and the reporting of unauthorised transaction by the customer to EbixCash. If EbixCash is reported within three days’ of receiving of communication, the customer liability will be ZERO. Similarly, for any such transaction reported between four and seven days of receiving of communication, the customer liability will be limited to a maximum of ₹ 10,000/. Reporting beyond seven days’ time will be dealt in accordance with the Board approved policy of EbixCash as well as the decision of the Internal Ombudsman of the company. The number of days mentioned above shall be counted after excluding the date of receiving the communication from EbixCash. 

Ques. In cases where the loss is due to negligence by the customer, such as where he / she has shared the payment credentials, who will bear the loss and to what extent?                  
Ans.  In cases where the loss is due to negligence by the customer, such as where he / she has shared the payment credentials, the customer will bear the entire loss until he / she reports the unauthorised transaction to EbixCash.

Ques. What is an EbixCash E-wallet account?                
Ans.  EbixCash E-wallet is a virtual account that enables users to make transactions at merchants accepting EbixCash payments. It is a Full KYC Prepaid Payment Instrument, designed for those without credit/debit cards or who prefer not to use them online. The E-wallet can be pre-loaded with funds via online deposits only for convenient usage.

Ques. 	How can I opt for EbixCash E-wallet account?
Ans.  Visit <a href="https://ebixcash.com/">EbixCash and click on the Login/Signup link. Provide your name, mobile number, email ID, date of birth, gender, ID proof, and set a password to register.usage.

Ques. 	How do I get account details?
Ans.   Post registration, you can directly log into the <a href="https://ebixcash.com/">https://ebixcash.com/   and obtain your registration details. 

Ques. 	Can I start using my account directly once I get the account details?
Ans.  Yes, you can start using the wallet for recharges only.

Ques. 	What comprises my E-wallet account?
Ans.  Your E-wallet account carries a linked mobile number which can be used for any communication with customer care.

Ques.  Can I use my E-wallet for transferring funds?
Ans.  Yes, but you need to upgrade to a Full KYC wallet by completing a Video KYC process. Fund transfer is not permitted for Min KYC PPI (Prepaid Payment instruments).

Ques. 		What are the monthly limits of my account?
Ans.  Different types of accounts have different limits. You can upgrade your account to one of a higher limit by submitting your KYC documents to us.
        Type
        Max allowable Balance (Rs.)
        Reload limit (Rs.)
		
        All Service –Basic KYC
        Rs.10,000/- at any point of time
        Rs.10,000/- Monthly & Rs.1,20,000/- F.Y 
   
        All Service – Full KYC
        Rs.200,000/- at any point of time
        Maximum Rs.6,00,000/- F.Y (Retail Limit) and Maximum   

        Rs. 12,00,000/- F.Y (Corporate Limit)

Ques.  Is there any charge applicable for fund transfers?
Ans.  There are no charges for funds transfer from one wallet to another within EbixCash. Funds to be transferred to other account will attract charges and the same is mentioned on the website at the time of transaction. When one initiates a transaction, at that time the same is shown.

Ques.  Is there a usage limit?
Ans.  No upper limit for usage on Point of Sale as well as online purchase transactions. Usage restricted to the available balance in card.

Ques.  Is there a load amount limit?
Ans.  Card balances cannot exceed Rs.10,000 at any given point in time.

Ques. 	How do I top up the value of the card?
Ans.  Corporate customers should contact their respective relationship managers.

Ques. How soon can I get the EbixCash Gift Card?
Ans.  EbixCash Gift Card will be issued post corporate KYC documents are verified.

Ques. 	Where can I contact for offers/service-related issues?
Ans.  Corporate customers can get in touch with their relationship managers for such queries.

Ques. 	Where can I contact for any card or transaction related issue?
Ans.  Please call customer service centre number <tel>1800 266 5757</tel> or write to care@ebixcash.com 

Ques. 	In case the card is lost or stolen or misused where I can hotlist my card?
Ans.  Card can be hot listed by calling/writing to customer service centre at the phone number and/or email address listed on the back of your card.

Ques. 	Can I use my EbixCash Gift card outside India?
Ans.  No. EbixCash Gift card is INR prepaid card which can be used only in India. 

Ques. Where I can use the card?
Ans.  It can be used for various online and offline transactions like utility bill payments, ticket bookings, mobile recharges, online shopping, and at merchant outlets. 

Ques. How do I know my card is genuine?
Ans.  To ensure your Gift Card is genuine, look for the VISA/RuPay hologram on the reverse of the card. Kindly ensure that when you get the Gift Card, the packaging is not tampered.

Ques. What alerts will I receive?
Ans.   You will receive an SMS alert on all Debit and Credit transactions.

Ques. What happens if my IPIN password gets locked?
Ans. Regenerate your IPIN/WEB PIN online.

Ques. Where I can view my card balance and card history?
Ans. Login to <a href="https://ebixcash.com/ ">https://ebixcash.com/ &  <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-arrow-right" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
      <path fill-rule="evenodd" d="M1 8a.5.5 0 0 1 .5-.5h11.793l-3.147-3.146a.5.5 0 0 1 .708-.708l4 4a.5.5 0 0 1 0 .708l-4 4a.5.5 0 0 1-.708-.708L13.293 8.5H1.5A.5.5 0 0 1 1 8"/></svg>  Click ‘EbixCash for Business’ <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-arrow-right" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
        <path fill-rule="evenodd" d="M1 8a.5.5 0 0 1 .5-.5h11.793l-3.147-3.146a.5.5 0 0 1 .708-.708l4 4a.5.5 0 0 1 0 .708l-4 4a.5.5 0 0 1-.708-.708L13.293 8.5H1.5A.5.5 0 0 1 1 8"/></svg> Select ‘Prepaid & Gift cards <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-arrow-right" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
          <path fill-rule="evenodd" d="M1 8a.5.5 0 0 1 .5-.5h11.793l-3.147-3.146a.5.5 0 0 1 .708-.708l4 4a.5.5 0 0 1 0 .708l-4 4a.5.5 0 0 1-.708-.708L13.293 8.5H1.5A.5.5 0 0 1 1 8"/></svg> select your respective card to proceed or contact the customer service centre.
Ques. 	What is the resolution timeline for my queries?
Ans. Please refer to the escalation matrix as available under contact us page. 

Ques. 	What are the charges associated at the time of transactions?
Ans.  On certain websites / POS terminals there could be a possibility that the merchant would add a surcharge at the time of transaction. Hence to avoid any liabilities, EbixCash levies the below surcharges at the time of the transactions done by the customers.  At the time of settlements performed by the merchants, three scenarios can occur:
     If the surcharge amount as levied by EbixCash is more than the settlement amount, then the system will automatically credit the difference back to the customer’s card.
     If the surcharge amount as levied by EbixCash is less than the settlement amount, then the system will automatically debit the difference to the customer’s card.
     If the surcharge amount as levied by EbixCash is the same as the settlement amount, then the system will not take any action on the card.
  
Merchant Surcharge:
  Merchant Name
  % of surcharge levied to Card
  Government Services
  3.00%
  Educational Services
  1.00%
  Utilities
  1.60%
  Elementary, Secondary Schools
  1.50%
  MCA21 / Tax Payments - Government Agencies
  3.00%
  Railroads–Freight
  3.00%
  Joint Counselling Commission / Colleges, Universities
  3.00%
  FUEL
  For fuel transactions, the configuration is Rs. 11.80 or 2.95% of transaction amount, whichever is higher.
    
Ques. 		What is the EbixCash Prepaid Card?
Ans. It is an electronic Prepaid Card issued to individual to use for all digital modes of transactions.

Ques. 		Is the Card accepted on Rupay/Visa networks?
Ans. EbixCash Prepaid Cards are network branded and issued in alliance with Visa/Rupay.

Ques. Where all can the Prepaid Cards be used/accepted?
Ans. Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. Prepaid Cards are accepted by over 8 million merchant outlets which display Visa/Rupay logos and ATMs on a pan India basis. Additionally, Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. Prepaid Cards can also be used for e-commerce transactions (online shopping), bill payments, travel bookings and shopping. Prepaid cards cannot be used for non-INR transactions and for international spending due to regulatory restrictions.

Ques. How to load the Card?
Ans. The prepaid cards issued under the corporate account can be loaded basis instructions from the authorized corporate representative and funds transfer should be initiated from designated account of the corporate held with a scheduled commercial bank. Such transfers should be in the local currency and from the own account of the corporate. The card holder can alternatively also reload their own card by logging into the <a href="https://ebixcash.com/">www.ebixcash.com portal using your credentials, click on your name, under EbixCash wallet click on + sign. You can use your debit card, credit card and net banking.

Ques. 	How can the card be personalized with the name of the cardholder?
Ans.  Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. offers personalization of prepaid cards which means the name of the cardholder (up to 20 characters) can be printed on the card.

Ques. 	How can the card be used if it is not personalized or if the card holder’s name is not embossed on the card?
Ans.  The prepaid cards are well accepted by all merchants across India even if the names are not printed on the card.

Ques. 	How can the card be used online?
Ans.  As per RBI guidelines, every customer must first enable the e-com option by logging into EbixCash portal page and set the limit as required for full KYC cards. Only after this, the customer can use the card online across merchant websites for bill payments and online shopping. Online usage of cards requires second level of authentication (2FA) for security purposes and as per RBI regulations in the form of OTP. Please also note that only INR transactions are permitted and are restricted to Indian portals only. Gift cards do not need to be activated with the transaction level limits. 

Ques. Are there any merchant discounts & offers on the card?
Ans.  Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. is also part of the Visa/Rupay rewards network, which gives all Visa/Rupay prepaid cardholders access to thousands of discounts when they use their cards to make purchases on affiliated stores & online portals. This helps sales professionals make their rewards payout go even further and provides a more enriching cardholder experience. 

Ques. Is there a facility to check balance on card through ATM?
Ans.  Balance enquiry through ATM is available on full KYC GPR cards on chargeable basis. If the customer doesn’t want to pay, then they must visit www.ebixcash.com log into their profile and check balances there. Balance inquiry is allowed only for GPR cards. Not for any other cards.  

Ques. 	Is there a facility to change ATM Pin?
Ans.  The customer can visit the customer portal page and change the ATM pin as per their requirements.

Ques. How can a corporate track the cards status?
Ans.  Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. would provide MIS on pre agreed frequencies, loading request status, and load reject reports for overall cards issued. Additional reports for transactional level details would be subject to confidentiality requirements, the nature of the prepaid program, and the ownership of cards and funds.

Ques. 	Is there a usage limit for full KYC GPR cards?
Ans.  The customer can use the prepaid payment instruments as under as per RBI guidelines:
    	Upto the balance available on the card for e-com transactions.
    	Upto the balance available on the card for POS transactions.
    	Upto Rs.5,000/- per transaction for contactless transactions.
    Upto Rs. 2,000/- per transaction and upto Rs. 10,000/- per month for ATM Cash withdrawal transactions. 

Ques. Is there a load amount limit?
Ans.  Full KYC verified prepaid payment instrument balances cannot exceed Rs. 2,00,000/- at any given point in time.

Ques. 	Where can I contact for offers/service related / for any card or transaction related issue issues?
Ans.  You can call the customer care service centre number <tel>18002665757</tel> or write to care@ebixcash.com or the customer can visit the website or mobile app and raise the queries from the contact us page.

Ques. 	What is the resolution timeline for my queries?
Ans.  Please refer to the escalation matrix as available under contact us page.

Ques. 		In case the card is lost or stolen or misused where can I hotlist my card?
Ans.  Card can be hot listed by calling/writing to customer service centre at the phone number and/or email address listed on the back of your card.

Ques. 	What are meal cards?
Ans.  Meal Cards are issued via corporates only. Meal cards are prepaid cards that allow users to purchase meals from various food outlets without the need for cash. These cards offer convenience, budgeting assistance, and access to a variety of food options. Only Full KYC cards are allowed for the meal variant. Cash withdrawals is not allowed on these cards. 

Ques. 	What are petro cards?
Ans.  Petro Cards are issued via corporates only. The Card is accepted at all Merchant Outlets (Point of Sale) categorised as petro mcc / petrol pumps. Only Full KYC cards are allowed for the petro variant. Cash withdrawals is not allowed on these cards.

Ques. 	What are reward / incentive cards?
Ans.  Reward / Incentive Cards are issued via corporates only. Only Full KYC cards are allowed for the reward / incentive variant. These cards are issued by corporates for incentivizing their employees / agents. Cash withdrawals is not allowed on these cards.

Ques. 	What are the charges associated with the cards?
Ans.  Below are the different types of charges applicable for prepaid cards:      
Types of Fees
Amount (Excluding Tax)
Card issuance
As per corporate tie-ups
Card replacement Rs 100/-
Card closure Rs 100/-
Card inactive Rs 50/-
Annual Fee Rs 50/-
ATM Cash Withdrawal Rs 20/-
ATM Balance Inquiry Rs 10/-    
		
Ques. 	What are the revised directions for BBPS (master Directions, 2024) released by the RBI in February 2024? 
Ans.  On February 29, 2024, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) issued the Master Direction - Reserve Bank of India (Bharat Bill Payment System), superseding previous BBPS-related guidelines and circulars. These Directions seek to streamline the process of bill payments, enable greater participation, and enhance customer protection among other changes.

Ques. 	Does EbixCash have an online Dispute resolution (ODR) system for BBPS customers? 
Ans.  Yes Customer Complaints and Disputes resolution system is available on EbixCash Site.

Ques. 	What information will be needed to raise a complaint in the ODR system? 
Ans.  The details such as First Name, Last name, Mobile Number, Category, Email, Country, product and Query.

Ques. 	What is a Bharat Bill payment System (BBPS)? 
Ans.  The Bharat Bill Payment System (BBPS) is an integrated bill payment platform which enables payment / collection of bills through multiple channels (Mobile Apps, Mobile Banking, Physical Agents, Bank branches, etc.) using various payment modes (UPI, Internet Banking, Cards, Cash, Prepaid Payment Instruments, etc.). The transactions facilitated through this platform will require the bill to be fetched before payment initiation. In case of transactions involving payments for prepaid services, the customer relationship with the biller will be validated through the platform.

Ques. 	Who are the Participants in BBPS? 
Ans.  There are two types of BBPS participants i.e. BBPCU & BBPOUs. Bharat Bill Pay Central Unit (BBPCU): NBBL as the BBPCU, provides a platform connecting customers and billers, through COUs and BOUs, respectively. NBBL also undertakes clearing and settlement activities for transactions routed through the BBPCU. Bharat Bill Payment Operating Units (BBPOUs): Banks (All Scheduled Commercial Banks including RRBs / Urban Cooperative Banks / State Cooperative Banks / District Central Cooperative Banks), non-bank Payment Aggregators (PAs)1 and other existing entities authorised as BBPOUs can participate in BBPS as Operating Units. Banks and non-bank PAs, intending to operate as BBPOUs, will not require a separate authorisation. They shall intimate DPSS, RBI, Central Office before commencing operations.

Ques. 	In case of eWallets, does the entity EbixCash (Non-Bank PPI Issuer) offer the same login for the PPI and other Services ?  
Ans.   Yes in case of eWallets (EbixCash) a same login is offered for the PPI and other BBPS Services.

Ques.  What is EbixCash E-wallet account? 
Ans.  EbixCash E-wallet virtual account that enables user to use this account on all the merchants where EbixCash payment gateway is available. E-wallet is a Semi-Closed Prepaid Payment card. E-wallet has been developed exclusively for online usage by the masses who do not have Credit/Debit Cards or who are apprehensive to use their credit/Debit card online for risk of misuse. E-wallet has specifically been designed keeping in mind absolute convenience and can be accessed by the user with their registered Mobile. It is a financial instrument which can be pre-loaded with the appropriate amount for subsequent use as per the holders’ convenience.

Ques.  How can I opt for EbixCash E-wallet account?
Ans.  You can visit https://ebixcash.com/ and click on Login/SignUp link. You need to provide your First Name, Middle Name, Last name, Mobile number, Email id, Date of Birth, Gender, provide an id proof and enter a password to register for E-wallet account.

Ques.  How do I get account details?
Ans.  Post registration, you directly log into the https://ebixcash.com/  

Ques.  Can I start using my account directly once I get the account
Ans.  Yes, you can start using the wallet for recharges only.

Ques.  What comprises my E-wallet account?
Ans.  Your E-wallet account carries a linked mobile number which can be used for any communication with customer care. 

Ques.  When can I use the funds in the wallet & where can I use my E-wallet account?
Ans.  You can use the funds immediately for online transactions. However, you will be allowed to transfer funds only after 30 minutes post registration of a beneficiary. In case of funds transferred online via Net banking/ debit / credit card / wallet there would be delay of 6 hours post loading or 30 minutes post registration of beneficiary whichever is later.Your E-wallet account can be used on all the merchant sites where EbixCash Payment gateway is enabled.

Ques.  Can I use my E-wallet for transferring funds?
Ans. <!-- After the first-time registration is completed, the customer has an option of upgrading to a Full KYC wallet. For going so, the customer must log into the portal page and under Account details, need to click on KYC status. A link will appear there, and the customer has to complete his Video KYC. Once the same is approved by the verifying officer, the customer can transfer funds, etc.-->
		  "After registering, customers can upgrade to a Full KYC wallet by logging into the portal, checking their Account details for KYC status, and completing a Video KYC process. Once approved, they can start transferring funds and using additional features." Note: Fund transfer is not permitted for Min KYC.

Ques.  What are the monthly limits of my account?
Ans.  Different types of accounts have different limits. You can upgrade your account to one of a higher limit by submitting your KYC documents to us. 
Type
Max allowable  Balance (Rs.)
Reload limit (Rs.)
All Service –Basic KYC 
10000 at any point of time 
10000 Monthly & 100000 yearly 
All Service – Full KYC
200000 at any point of time
600000 yearly
                    
Ques.  Is there any charge applicable for fund transfers?
Ans. There are no charges for funds transfer from one wallet to another within EbixCash. Funds to be transferred to other account will attract charges and the same is mentioned on the website at the time of transaction.

Ques.  Where can I reload my E-wallet account?
Ans.  You can reload your E-wallet account online or by visiting any EbixCash World Franchisee

Ques.  How can I book a taxi on Ebixcash portal?
Ans.  Booking through Ebixcash portal is an easy 3 step process. Download the Ebixcash app. Select source and destination address and date/time of your planned travel. Hit “View taxi rates” button. You will find rates of different taxis, select the taxi type which meets your travel requirement. Fill in your details and pay advance amount to confirm your booking.

Ques.  Why I should book cab with Ebixcash portal?
Ans.  In Ebixcash travel portal you have the option to book outstation cabs at lowest price across 4000+ locations. All our cars are comfortable and air conditioned. You need to pay for one side, if it’s a one way trip. You can also chose taxis for airport transfer and other local travel needs.

Ques.  How can I modify my booking on Ebixcash travel portal?
Ans.  You can modify a booking by sending an email to us at support@ahataxis.com. You can change the pick-up date, time, location, passenger details or vehicle type. However, the confirmation of modification depends upon the availability of taxi on modified time and date.

Ques.  How can I cancel my booking on Ebixcash travel portal?
Ans.  You can email us at support@ahataxis.com for booking cancellation. You will need to provide your booking reference number and contact details for the same. Please read our cancellation and modification policy to know about cancellation rules and refund policies.

Ques.  Is there any cancellation charges if I book taxis through Ebixcash travel portal?
Ans.  We provide free cancellation till 24 hours before departure.

Ques.  Will I get an assured taxi booking on Ebixcash portal, if I do a last minute booking?
Ans.  You must make a booking at least 1 hour prior to the pick-up time in order to get a taxi. However, the actual confirmation is given based on the availability of the taxi at the required location and time. Also, for better assistance on your immediate requirement, you are requested to mail us on support@ahataxis.com

Ques.  When do I get the driver details?
Ans.  The taxi and driver details will be sent to you 6 hours prior to the pick-up time.

Ques.  What if the driver is unreachable?
Ans.  Please contact our 24*7 customer support, in case driver is not reachable.

Ques.  Do I need to pay for toll or state tax?
Ans.  For all inclusive bookings, you need not pay for such toll or state taxes. The details of charges included or not included is mentioned on the website and app search results.

Ques.  What is the EbixCash Gift Card?
Ans. This is an alternative for cash/cheque to gift any individual in your organization.

Ques.  Is there a usage limit?
Ans.  No upper limit for usage on Point of Sale as well as online purchase transactions. Usage restricted to the available balance in card.

Ques.  Is there a load amount limit?
Ans.  Card balances cannot exceed Rs.10,000 at any given point in time.

Ques.  How do I top up the value of the card?
Ans.  Corporate customers need to get in touch with their relationship managers for load on gift cards.

Ques.  How soon can I get the EbixCash Gift Card?
Ans.  EbixCash Gift Card will be issued post corporate KYC documents are verified.

Ques.  Where can I contact for offers/service related issues?
Ans.  Corporate customers can get in touch with their relationship managers for such queries.

Ques.  Where can I contact for any card or transaction related issue?
Ans. Please call customer service centre number  1800 266 5757  or write to care@ebixcash.com

Ques.  In case the card is lost or stolen or misused where I can hotlist my card?
Ans. Card can be hot listed by calling/writing to customer service centre at the phone number and/or email address listed on the back of your card.

Ques.  Can I use my EbixCash Gift card outside India?
Ans. No. EbixCash Gift card is INR prepaid card which can be used only in India.

Ques. Where I can use the card?
Ans. EbixCash Gift card can be used at various outlets and online shopping.
1.Utility bill payments online
2.Train, air and bus ticket booking online
3.Movie ticket booking online
4.Mobile & DTH recharge online
5.Online shopping
6.Shop at merchant outlet

Ques.  How do I know my card is genuine?
Ans. To ensure your Gift Card is genuine, look for the VISA/RuPay/MasterCard hologram on the reverse of the card. Kindly ensure that when you purchase the Gift Card, the packaging is not tampered.

Ques.  What alerts will I receive?
Ans. You will receive an SMS alert on all Debit and Credit transactions.

Ques.  What happens if my IPIN password gets locked?
Ans. Customer can real time re-generates their IPIN / WEB PIN online through customer portal or they can call Centre for re-generation at  1800 266 5757

Ques.  Where I can view my card balance and card history?
Ans. Card balance and card history can be viewed at www.ebixcash.com after due login or can be accessed by calling/writing to customer service centre at the phone number and/or E-mail address listed on the back of your card.

Ques.  What is the resolution timeline for my queries?
Ans. Please refer to the escalation matrix as available under contact us page.

Ques.  What is the EbixCash Prepaid Card?
Ans. It is an electronic Prepaid Card issued to individual to use for all digital modes of transactions.

Ques. Is there a usage limit?
Ans.  No upper limit for usage limit on Point of Sale transactions. Usage restricted to the available balance in card.

Ques.  Is there a load amount limit?
Ans.  Card balances cannot exceed Rs.1,00,000 at any given point in time.

Ques.  How do I top up the value of the card?
Ans.  Loading and reloading can be done at online using the Prepaid Net banking or visit the nearest BC outlet.

Ques.  How soon can I get the EbixCash Prepaid Card?
Ans.  EbixCash Prepaid Card will be issued instantly through BC outlet post submission of Application form and KYC (Know your customer (KYC) is a form which will let the bank know who customer is, his address and his the financial and occupational status.) verified.

Ques.  Where can I contact for offers/service related issues?
Ans.  You can call the customer care service centre number  1800 266 5757 or write to care@ebixcash.com

Ques. Where can I contact for any card or transaction related issue?
Ans. Please call customer service centre number 1800 266 5757 or write to care@ebixcash.com

Ques. In case the card is lost or stolen or misused where I can hotlist my card?
Ans. Card can be hot listed by calling/writing to customer service centre at the phone number and/or email address listed on the back of your card.

Ques. Where I can use the card?
Ans. EbixCash Prepaid card can be used at various outlets and online shopping.
1.Utility bill payments online
2.Train, air and bus ticket booking online
3.Movie ticket booking online
4.Mobile & DTH recharge online
5.Online shopping
6.Shop at any merchant outlet
7.ATM cash withdrawal

Ques. How do I know my card is genuine?
Ans. To ensure your Prepaid Card is genuine, look for the VISA/Rupay hologram on the reverse of the card. Kindly ensure that when you purchase the Prepaid Card, the packaging is not tampered.

Ques. What alerts will I receive?
Ans. You will receive an SMS alert on all Debit and Credit transactions.

Ques. What happens if my ATM PIN/IPIN password gets locked?
Ans. Please contact the Call Centre at 1800 266 5757

Ques. Where I can view my card balance and card history?
Ans. Card balance and card history can be viewed at www.ebixcash.com after due login or can be accessed by calling/writing to customer service centre at the phone number and/or E-mail address listed on the back of your card.

Ques. What is the EbixCash Prepaid Card?
Ans. It is an electronic Prepaid Card issued to individual to use for all digital modes of transactions.

Ques. Is there a usage limit?
Ans. No upper limit for usage limit on Point of Sale transactions. Usage restricted to the available balance in card.

Ques. Is there a load amount limit?
Ans. Card balances cannot exceed Rs.1,00,000 at any given point in time.

Ques. How do I top up the value of the card?
Ans. Loading and reloading can be done at online using the Prepaid Net banking or visit the nearest BC outlet.

Ques. How soon can I get the EbixCash Prepaid Card?
Ans. EbixCash Prepaid Card will be issued instantly through BC outlet post submission of Application form and KYC (Know your customer (KYC) is a form which will let the bank know who customer is, his address and his the financial and occupational status.) verified.

Ques. Where can I contact for offers/service related issues?
Ans. You can call the customer care service centre number 1800 266 5757 or write tocare@ebixcash.com

Ques. Where can I contact for any card or transaction related issue?
Ans. Please call customer service centre number 1800 266 5757 or write to care@ebixcash.com

Ques. In case the card is lost or stolen or misused where I can hotlist my card?
Ans. Card can be hot listed by calling/writing to customer service centre at the phone number and/or email address listed on the back of your card.

Ques. Is the Card accepted on Rupay/Visa /Mastercard networks?
Ans. EbixCash Prepaid Cards are network branded and issued in alliance with Visa/MasterCard/Rupay.

Ques. Where all can the Prepaid Cards be used/accepted?
Ans. Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. Prepaid Cards are accepted by over 8 million merchant outlets which display Visa/MasterCard/Rupay logos and ATMs on a pan India basis. Additionally, Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. Prepaid Cards can also be used for e-commerce transactions (online shopping), bill payments, travel bookings and shopping. Prepaid cards cannot be used for Non-INR transactions and for International spending due to regulatory restrictions.

Ques. How to load the Card?
Ans. The prepaid cards issued under the corporate account can be loaded basis instructions from the authorized corporate representative and funds transfer should be initiated from designated account of the corporate held with a scheduled commercial bank. Such transfers should be in the local currency and from the own account of the corporate. The card holder can alternatively also reload their own card by logging into the www.ebixcash.com portal using your credentials, click on your name, under Ebixcash wallet click on + sign. You can use your debit card, credit card and net banking.

Ques. How can the card be personalized with the name of the cardholder?
Ans. Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. offers personalization of prepaid cards which means the name of the cardholder (up to 20 characters) can be printed on the card.

Ques. How can the card be used if it is not personalized or if the card holder’s name is not embossed on the card?
Ans. The prepaid cards are well accepted by all merchants across India even if the names are not printed on the card.

Ques. How can the card be used online?
Ans. As per RBI guidelines, every customer has to first enable the ecom option by logging into Ebixcash portal page and set the limit as required. Only after this, the customer can use the card  online across merchant websites for bill payments and online shopping. Online usage of cards requires second level of authentication for security purposes and as per RBI regulations in the form of OTP. Please also note that only INR transactions are permitted and are restricted to Indian portals only.

Ques. Are there any merchant discounts & offers on the card?
Ans. Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. is also part of the Visa/Rupay rewards network, which gives all Visa/Rupay prepaid cardholders access to thousands of discounts when they use their cards to make purchases on affiliated stores & online portals. This helps sales professionals make their rewards payout go even further and provides a more enriching cardholder experience.

Ques. Is there a facility to check balance on card through ATM?
Ans. Balance enquiry through ATM is available on all cards on chargeable basis. If the customer doesn’t want to pay, then they have to visit <a href="https://ebixcash.com/" target="_blank">www.ebixcash.com log into their profile and check balances there. 

Ques. Is there a facility to change ATM Pin?
Ans. The customer can visit the customer portal page and change the ATM pin as per their requirements.

Ques. How can a corporate track the cards?
Ans. Ebix Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. would provide MIS on pre agreed frequencies, loading request status, and load reject reports for overall cards issued. Additional reports for transactional level details would be subject to confidentiality requirements, the nature of the prepaid program, and the ownership of cards and funds.

Ques. Is there a usage limit?
Ans. The customer can use the Prepaid cards as under as per RBI guidelines:
1.Upto the balance available on the card for e-com transactions
2.Upto the balance available on the card for POS transactions
3.Upto Rs. 2000/- per transaction and upto Rs. 10000/- per month for ATM transactions

Ques. Is there a load amount limit?
Ans. Card balances cannot exceed Rs.2,00,000 at any given point in time.

Ques. Where can I contact for offers/service related / for any card or transaction related issue issues?
Ans. You can call the customer care service center number 1800 266 5757 or write to care@ebixcash.com

Ques. What is the resolution timeline for my queries?
Ans. Please refer to the escalation matrix as available under contact us page.

Ques. In case the card is lost or stolen or misused where I can hotlist my card?
Ans. Card can be hot listed by calling/writing to customer service center at the phone number and/or email address listed on the back of your card.

Ques. Where I can use the card?
Ans. EbixCash Prepaid card can be used at various outlets and online shopping. However the same is restricted for usage on India sites and within India only. 
1.Utility bill payments online
2.Train, air and bus ticket booking online
3.Movie ticket booking online
4.Mobile & DTH recharge online
5.Online shopping
6.Shop at any merchant outlet
7.ATM cash withdrawal

Ques. How do I know my card is genuine?
Ans. To ensure your Prepaid Card is genuine, look for the VISA/Rupay hologram on the reverse of the card. Kindly ensure that when you receive the Prepaid Card, the packaging is not tampered.

Ques. What alerts will I receive?
Ans. You will receive an SMS alert on all types of transactions.

Ques. What happens if my ATM PIN password gets locked?
Ans. Please log into the customer portal page and change the ATM pin 

Ques. Where I can view my card balance and card history?
Ans. Card balance and card history can be viewed at www.ebixcash.com after due login or can be accessed by calling/writing to customer service center at the phone number and/or E-mail address listed on the back of your card.